# Supervisor meeting 4
`2017-03-21`
## Attending
supervisor, assistant supervisor, Teddy and Filip

## Discussed
* Feedback on the introduction
  * Explaining OSS needs more content
  * Elaborate paragraph on previous work
* Feedback on methodology structure
  * keep the same tense in the thesis
  * Use vocabulary that anyone can understand (not 'parsed')
  * mention external and internal validity
  * don't use 'project X'
  * label the list from previous work
  * change 'Data'-subsection to 'Schema for Data Collection'
    * add sentence to paragraph ~'Below we present a schema for what data we will collect with it’s description'
* Suggested for additions to previous work: Pär Runesson & Martin Höst

## Action points
* 4th draft
  * Make corrections from feedback
  * Finish methodology-section
* Start gathering results

## Next meeting 28/3 - 13:00
