# Supervisor meeting 4
`2017-03-07`
## Attending
supervisor, Teddy and Filip

## Discussed
* Feedback on the introduction
  * start with a broader perspective before going into OSS
  * explain where the term core contributor comes from
  * remove first research question
  * minor changes in text
* Some feedback on methodology structure

## Action points
* Start looking at Github API
* 3rd draft

## Next meeting 21/3
