# Supervisor meeting 2
`2017-02-15`
## Attending
supervisor, assistant supervisor and Filip

## Discussed
* preliminary research questions.
* scope of background. (On what subjects do we need to research to get "the whole picture")

## Action points
* Filip and Teddy should make their first draft
* Filip and Teddy should make (and send) first draft of report to supervisor before 23/2. (introduction, background and methodology)
* Filip and Teddy should make a schedule for their work

## Next meeting 28/2
