# Supervisor meeting 1
`2017-01-17`
## Attending
supervisor, assistant supervisor, Filip and Teddy.

## Discussed
* Discussed potential research questions and areas. Some were:
  * How do we get artists and venues in joining the platform?
  * How do we engage artists and venues in contributing to the platform?
## Action points
  * Filip and Teddy should decide on in what area they want to do their thesis
  * Filip and Teddy should decide a research question for this area
